README.md, before:

# InfinityMint React Maker by 0x0zAgency

# Quickstart
## Requirements
- OS: Mac OSX, Windows (XP-11), Debian (5+), Ubuntu (14+)
- Node: v18.5.0+

**Links:**
- [InfinityMint GitHub](https://github.com/0x0zAgency/infinitymint)

- [React-Maker GitHub](https://github.com/0x0zAgency/infinitymint-react-maker) **You Are Here**

## Installation
1. Run `npm i`.
   - For _node-gyp_ issues: `npm install --build-from-source`.

## Setup
1. **.env File**: Rename '.env.example' to '.env'. 

## Local Environment
1. In the `Infinitymint` project open a terminal and run Run `npm run ganache`.
   - `.mnemonic`: Mnemonic for Ganache wallet.
   - `.keys`: Private keys for deployed wallet.
2. Make sure this React-Maker is Linked to your InfinityMint via InfinityMint Console tools_and_settings > `settings.js`.

## Start React App

1. Run `npm run start`.

## Resources
- [Follow Us](https://x.com/0x0zAgency)
- [Join Console.xyz](https://app.console.xyz/c/0x0zagency)
- [Documentation](./DEFAULT_README.md)

Enjoy Infinity and welcome to Tokenized Commerce!

Commit message:

Config Demo
Updating config and readme to include testnet production build of partytime app

README.md, after:

# InfinityMint React Maker by 0x0zAgency

# Quickstart
- [Live Testmet Deployment of 🥳time.eth](https://partytime.infinitymint.app/) - This demo dApp is provided as a case you can check out to understand how to work InfintyMint to your advantage. The test deployment is on Goerli🔵Base.

## Requirements
- OS: Mac OSX, Windows (XP-11), Debian (5+), Ubuntu (14+)
- Node: v18.5.0+

**Links:**
- [InfinityMint GitHub](https://github.com/0x0zAgency/infinitymint)

- [React-Maker GitHub](https://github.com/0x0zAgency/infinitymint-react-maker) **You Are Here**

## Installation
1. Run `npm i`.
   - For _node-gyp_ issues: `npm install --build-from-source`.

## Setup
1. **.env File**: Rename '.env.example' to '.env'. 

## Local Environment
1. In the `Infinitymint` project open a terminal and run Run `npm run ganache`.
   - `.mnemonic`: Mnemonic for Ganache wallet.
   - `.keys`: Private keys for deployed wallet.
2. Make sure this React-Maker is Linked to your InfinityMint via InfinityMint Console tools_and_settings > `settings.js`.

## Start React App

1. Run `npm run start`.

## Configure App

1. Navigate over to `src/config.js` and adjust all of the relevant settings in this configuration file to suit your needs.
2. Note: If you are using your local ganache as a testnet during development it is important to set the 

## Resources
- [Follow Us](https://x.com/0x0zAgency)
- [Join Console.xyz](https://app.console.xyz/c/0x0zagency)
- [Documentation](./DEFAULT_README.md)

Enjoy Infinity and welcome to Tokenized Commerce!
